A big hurdle in fully understanding Javascript is that learning one part of the language requires that you have knowledge on another part of the language, and leanring that part of the language requires that you actually know about the original part of the language you were trying to learn. For that reason I picture javascript as a ring of knowledge, you start out just scambling to create the basic ring in your mind and then increase that rings diameter and solidity as you understand more. This course assumes you already assumes you most of this ring formed already, with perhaps a few gaps, but close. We will then fill out this vauge arc to make a string and complete circle. The following is audit on the main tenants of javascript that the rest of the course will be based off.

Javascript is object based. A Javascript program is a bunch of objects communicating in order to fullfill the programmers desired outcome. What is an object? It is a collection of zero or more properties, a property being a single key to value pair, and a set of attributes that control how these properties can be used. Object properties can hold other objects as their values or can hold primitive types as their values, primitive types just mean non-object types of data (meaning they have no properties attached to them). There are seven of these non-object primitive types: Numbers, BigInt, Strings, Undefined, Null, Boolean, and Symbol. Javascript has many built in objects that have various duties some examples are: the global object, the function object, the Math object, the RegExp object, and the Json object, among others.

The function object
